Yes
so I'm skiing moguls because
my par 11 and my brother too so bah
I am I am the family
since
I came back so in France team
and I train with them
to enter a new era of ski
moguls with young talents and
especially perrine laffont who for his
first season last year when
even talked about it many times
recovery and beautiful way with
very promising results for his young
career
because she has all today for
be part of the best
the world's best she has a
passion for this sport she has a desire
maybe that allows him today
even with his young age of perhaps
to surpass and then bah inevitably there is some
talent so well now do not have to
only to have crazy talent too
exploit it but I think it has to
what to do to become a day
the best
for me the tower where she has everything
from a big one already to 15 years old and
she is persevering has unstructured
I come from the dauphiné 6 6 and a small
committee
perrinelle and link it comes from the goods
of the Pyrenees so it's true that there
already had little similarities by
compared to that with his little accent there a
little trick in addition what
the trainings they are often
based in the alps so me it takes
that I make trips back to the Pyrenees
alps all the time and financially
it's not easy so thanks to France
continue I will be able to finance his
traveling well to train take
the plane to be less tired
train in very good conditions
so thank you very much france continues
it's good that today also
sponsors like France continues because
that I think it's people who are
passionate about their sport as much as
young people who practice it and it allows
really help them to be able to
perform I think it feels good
also young people to see that there are
people behind for them to support them
and motivate them mentally
and financially to pursue in
their career